README.md, before:

### :man_technologist: #My personal blog
- <b>Day 1 - #dating</b><br>
  Today I finally started to tell you, my friends. I know it's unlikely that anyone will start reading it, but that doesn't stop me. Today I wanted to introduce myself - my name is Vladislav, but everyone calls me Staf. I'm in the noondrunning business and I make millions from it. If you want to become like me - read my blog:) See you soon!
- <b>The last two weeks - #uphill</b><br>
  I rented an expensive dedicated server on Hetzner for the Aleo miner. Promised soon the opening of a new test stage I certainly will not lose the chance to be part of a great team. Also had to update all the nodes I've been maintaining for a year or more. It was a very stressful time, but despite that I am full of energy to move forward, for it is definitely worth it.
In addition, I will tell you more information about myself. Perhaps this will motivate someone to follow my path. In general just about half a year ago I had last hundred dollars in pocket and unexpectedly I have stumbled upon the real gem among projects - Aptos. Just in the previous month the guys from the team encouraged the holders of their nodes and gave 2-3 thousand dollars per node in cash equivalent. I decided to invest this money in maintaining the new servers, I'll keep you posted :)
- <b>The last two weeks [02.12.2022] - #difficult#time</b><br>
It's a very stressful time. I would say, the most difficult period of the whole year. A lot of places failed to take awards, and a lot of effort was wasted, as it turns out now. But I'm not discouraged, because the first quarter of 2023 promises to be very profitable and rich in tasty releases. Have you noticed that the end of the year often brings a sharp increase in stress in all areas of life?
- <b>The last days [11.12.2022] - #yeah#baby</b><br>
What can I tell you guys? All I can say is, don't stick your hands in this sphere, for it's very easy to hurt them on uncut diamonds! Yes, yes, yes! Okay, I will not brag yet, we will arrange a meeting in a week, there I will tell you what I mean in general)

Commit message:

after holidays yeah guys!
noderunner SUI

README.md, after:

### :man_technologist: #My personal blog
- <b>Day 1 - #dating</b><br>
  Today I finally started to tell you, my friends. I know it's unlikely that anyone will start reading it, but that doesn't stop me. Today I wanted to introduce myself - my name is Vladislav, but everyone calls me Staf. I'm in the noondrunning business and I make millions from it. If you want to become like me - read my blog:) See you soon!
- <b>The last two weeks - #uphill</b><br>
  I rented an expensive dedicated server on Hetzner for the Aleo miner. Promised soon the opening of a new test stage I certainly will not lose the chance to be part of a great team. Also had to update all the nodes I've been maintaining for a year or more. It was a very stressful time, but despite that I am full of energy to move forward, for it is definitely worth it.
In addition, I will tell you more information about myself. Perhaps this will motivate someone to follow my path. In general just about half a year ago I had last hundred dollars in pocket and unexpectedly I have stumbled upon the real gem among projects - Aptos. Just in the previous month the guys from the team encouraged the holders of their nodes and gave 2-3 thousand dollars per node in cash equivalent. I decided to invest this money in maintaining the new servers, I'll keep you posted :)
- <b>The last two weeks [02.12.2022] - #difficult#time</b><br>
It's a very stressful time. I would say, the most difficult period of the whole year. A lot of places failed to take awards, and a lot of effort was wasted, as it turns out now. But I'm not discouraged, because the first quarter of 2023 promises to be very profitable and rich in tasty releases. Have you noticed that the end of the year often brings a sharp increase in stress in all areas of life?
- <b>The last days [11.12.2022] - #yeah#guys</b><br>
What can I tell you guys? All I can say is, don't stick your hands in this sphere, for it's very easy to hurt them on uncut diamonds! Yes, yes, yes! Okay, I will not brag yet, we will arrange a meeting in a week, there I will tell you what I mean in general)
- <b>After holidays [11.12.2022] - #happy#new#ye...news!</b><br>
Good day my dear reader! I am the happiest, and most importantly, the most rested and most responsible person in the world. I am in a new phase of SUI and right now I am upgrading my node and moving to the new version, having made a backup beforehand. Peace be with you all and more gems.
